It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
The time is always right to do what is right.
No pressure, no diamonds.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Oh, the things you can find, if you don’t stay behind.
When you realize how perfect everything is, you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest steppingstones to success.
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
I dwell in possibility.
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying I will try again tomorrow.
Rise above the storm, and you will find the sunshine.
Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.
Mistakes are part of the dues that one pays for a full life.
Impossible is for the unwilling.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.
Whatever you do, do with all your might.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second-best time is now.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible.
Be a positive energy trampoline – absorb what you need and rebound more back.
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more.
Problems are not stop signs; they are guidelines.
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
